Please deduce the correct password based on the following 16 known conditions:
A certain combination lock consists of two numbers and two letters, with neither the numbers nor the letters repeating.
1. Guess: 57UY, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect and too late in the alphabet.
2. Guess: 40SV, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect and too late in the alphabet.
3. Guess: 01ZD, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too small; both letters are incorrect.
4. Guess: 58RV, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect and too late in the alphabet.
5. Guess: 90FV, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
6. Guess: 38BY, Feedback: one number is correct but in the wrong position; one number is incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect.
7. Guess: 47QO, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
8. Guess: 94WK, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
9. Guess: 68HM, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect.
10. Guess: 87HB, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect.
11. Guess: 97SH, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect.
12. Guess: 29TE, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
13. Guess: 18HS, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
14. Guess: 92LU, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
15. Guess: 87FM, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect.
16. Guess: 61VG, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and too small; one letter is correct but in the wrong position; one letter is incorrect and too late in the alphabet.
Please provide your answer in the format <<< ["X", "Y", "Z", "W"] >>> where X and Y are the numbers and Z and W are the letters of the password.
