Please deduce the correct password based on the following 16 known conditions:
A certain combination lock consists of two numbers and two letters, with neither the numbers nor the letters repeating.
1. Guess: 58TD, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
2. Guess: 52SK, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
3. Guess: 19UI, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
4. Guess: 75AC, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
5. Guess: 86WD, Feedback: one number is correct but in the wrong position; one number is incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect.
6. Guess: 72KL, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
7. Guess: 08LP, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
8. Guess: 51PB, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
9. Guess: 96FX, Feedback: one number is correct but in the wrong position; one number is incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect.
10. Guess: 02HU, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and too small; both letters are incorrect.
11. Guess: 96FJ, Feedback: one number is correct but in the wrong position; one number is incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
12. Guess: 12KC, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and too small; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
13. Guess: 92TG, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect.
14. Guess: 98OJ, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect.
15. Guess: 06ML, Feedback: one number is correct but in the wrong position; one number is incorrect and too small; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
16. Guess: 02VX, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and too small; one letter is correct but in the wrong position; one letter is incorrect and too late in the alphabet.
Please provide your answer in the format <<< ["X", "Y", "Z", "W"] >>> where X and Y are the numbers and Z and W are the letters of the password.
