Please deduce the correct password based on the following 14 known conditions:
A certain combination lock consists of two numbers and two letters, with neither the numbers nor the letters repeating.
1. Guess: 79FV, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect.
2. Guess: 32PZ, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too small; both letters are incorrect and too late in the alphabet.
3. Guess: 09EF, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
4. Guess: 58QD, Feedback: one number is correct but in the wrong position; one number is incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect.
5. Guess: 79OJ, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect.
6. Guess: 64LY, Feedback: one number is correct but in the wrong position; one number is incorrect and too large; one letter is correct and in the correct position; one letter is incorrect and too late in the alphabet.
7. Guess: 48HI, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
8. Guess: 45TG, Feedback: both numbers are correct and in the correct positions; both letters are incorrect.
9. Guess: 31IB, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too small; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
10. Guess: 94VW, Feedback: one number is correct but in the wrong position; one number is incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect and too late in the alphabet.
11. Guess: 70XN, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect and too late in the alphabet.
12. Guess: 70BI, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
13. Guess: 89UG, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect.
14. Guess: 70KG, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
Please provide your answer in the format <<< ["X", "Y", "Z", "W"] >>> where X and Y are the numbers and Z and W are the letters of the password.
