Please deduce the correct password based on the following 14 known conditions:
A certain combination lock consists of two numbers and two letters, with neither the numbers nor the letters repeating.
1. Guess: 71BQ, Feedback: one number is correct but in the wrong position; one number is incorrect and too small; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
2. Guess: 29BQ, Feedback: one number is correct but in the wrong position; one number is incorrect and too small; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
3. Guess: 69BE, Feedback: one number is correct but in the wrong position; one number is incorrect and too small; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
4. Guess: 40QT, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too small; one letter is correct but in the wrong position; one letter is incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
5. Guess: 48NP, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
6. Guess: 15FQ, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too small; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
7. Guess: 83PF, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
8. Guess: 96MJ, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and too small; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
9. Guess: 32YJ, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too small; both letters are incorrect.
10. Guess: 16SU, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too small; both letters are incorrect.
11. Guess: 89XJ, Feedback: one number is correct but in the wrong position; one number is incorrect and incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
12. Guess: 36XJ, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too small; both letters are incorrect.
13. Guess: 35ZU, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too small; both letters are incorrect.
14. Guess: 36FV, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too small; both letters are incorrect.
Please provide your answer in the format <<< ["X", "Y", "Z", "W"] >>> where X and Y are the numbers and Z and W are the letters of the password.
