Please deduce the correct password based on the following 13 known conditions:
A certain combination lock consists of two numbers and two letters, with neither the numbers nor the letters repeating.
1. Guess: 74SE, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; one letter is correct and in the correct position; one letter is incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
2. Guess: 76OX, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
3. Guess: 94LJ, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
4. Guess: 28HI, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and too small; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
5. Guess: 27LJ, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
6. Guess: 36WF, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
7. Guess: 71IS, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; one letter is correct but in the wrong position; one letter is incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
8. Guess: 12YB, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too small; both letters are incorrect.
9. Guess: 87WE, Feedback: one number is correct but in the wrong position; one number is incorrect and incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
10. Guess: 25YP, Feedback: one number is correct but in the wrong position; one number is incorrect and too small; both letters are incorrect.
11. Guess: 84UL, Feedback: one number is correct but in the wrong position; one number is incorrect and too small; both letters are incorrect.
12. Guess: 30VF, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too small; both letters are incorrect.
13. Guess: 68QG, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and incorrect; one letter is correct but in the wrong position; one letter is incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
Please provide your answer in the format <<< ["X", "Y", "Z", "W"] >>> where X and Y are the numbers and Z and W are the letters of the password.
