Please deduce the correct password based on the following 12 known conditions:
A certain combination lock consists of two numbers and two letters, with neither the numbers nor the letters repeating.
1. Guess: 38UW, Feedback: one number is correct but in the wrong position; one number is incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect and too late in the alphabet.
2. Guess: 69OG, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and too large; one letter is correct and in the correct position; one letter is incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
3. Guess: 83OP, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and too large; one letter is correct and in the correct position; one letter is incorrect and incorrect.
4. Guess: 48SP, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
5. Guess: 42ZE, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
6. Guess: 01WG, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too small; both letters are incorrect.
7. Guess: 07JX, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
8. Guess: 31HK, Feedback: one number is correct but in the wrong position; one number is incorrect and too small; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
9. Guess: 37VY, Feedback: one number is correct but in the wrong position; one number is incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect and too late in the alphabet.
10. Guess: 62QH, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and too small; both letters are incorrect.
11. Guess: 94CL, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
12. Guess: 71TE, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; one letter is correct but in the wrong position; one letter is incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
Please provide your answer in the format <<< ["X", "Y", "Z", "W"] >>> where X and Y are the numbers and Z and W are the letters of the password.
