Please deduce the correct password based on the following 15 known conditions:
A certain combination lock consists of two numbers and two letters, with neither the numbers nor the letters repeating.
1. Guess: 80ZV, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
2. Guess: 91PE, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect.
3. Guess: 51DH, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
4. Guess: 19HC, Feedback: one number is correct but in the wrong position; one number is incorrect and too large; one letter is correct and in the correct position; one letter is incorrect and incorrect.
5. Guess: 38CA, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; one letter is correct but in the wrong position; one letter is incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
6. Guess: 25FG, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
7. Guess: 21GK, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
8. Guess: 48FL, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
9. Guess: 80DL, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
10. Guess: 43ZO, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
11. Guess: 92SC, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; one letter is correct and in the correct position; one letter is incorrect and incorrect.
12. Guess: 03XO, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; one letter is correct and in the correct position; one letter is incorrect and incorrect.
13. Guess: 23JH, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
14. Guess: 05TQ, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
15. Guess: 60QF, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
Please provide your answer in the format <<< ["X", "Y", "Z", "W"] >>> where X and Y are the numbers and Z and W are the letters of the password.
