Please deduce the correct password based on the following 16 known conditions:
A certain combination lock consists of two numbers and two letters, with neither the numbers nor the letters repeating.
1. Guess: 34DU, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
2. Guess: 24IT, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; one letter is correct but in the wrong position; one letter is incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
3. Guess: 49XE, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
4. Guess: 12RO, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
5. Guess: 07BS, Feedback: one number is correct but in the wrong position; one number is incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
6. Guess: 42MA, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
7. Guess: 38QT, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; one letter is correct but in the wrong position; one letter is incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
8. Guess: 90AP, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
9. Guess: 43JA, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
10. Guess: 76MO, Feedback: one number is correct but in the wrong position; one number is incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
11. Guess: 90IF, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
12. Guess: 10JM, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and incorrect; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
13. Guess: 78RF, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
14. Guess: 30YM, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
15. Guess: 89JH, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
16. Guess: 20KV, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and incorrect; one letter is correct and in the correct position; one letter is incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
Please provide your answer in the format <<< ["X", "Y", "Z", "W"] >>> where X and Y are the numbers and Z and W are the letters of the password.
