Please deduce the correct password based on the following 14 known conditions:
A certain combination lock consists of two numbers and two letters, with neither the numbers nor the letters repeating.
1. Guess: 16QS, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect and too late in the alphabet.
2. Guess: 23YQ, Feedback: one number is correct but in the wrong position; one number is incorrect and incorrect; both letters are incorrect and too late in the alphabet.
3. Guess: 92FQ, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
4. Guess: 13MS, Feedback: one number is correct but in the wrong position; one number is incorrect and incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
5. Guess: 51BU, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect.
6. Guess: 62RQ, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect; both letters are incorrect and too late in the alphabet.
7. Guess: 37HS, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect.
8. Guess: 58IJ, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too large; one letter is correct but in the wrong position; one letter is incorrect and incorrect.
9. Guess: 46WB, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect.
10. Guess: 46BP, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect.
11. Guess: 43PR, Feedback: one number is correct but in the wrong position; one number is incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect and too late in the alphabet.
12. Guess: 60CA, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect and too early in the alphabet.
13. Guess: 90QC, Feedback: one number is correct and in the correct position; one number is incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect.
14. Guess: 94OG, Feedback: both numbers are incorrect and too large; both letters are incorrect.
Please provide your answer in the format <<< ["X", "Y", "Z", "W"] >>> where X and Y are the numbers and Z and W are the letters of the password.
